b1.exe, 3458, negative time stat anomoly 
bigdaddy4534, 274096, negative time stat anomoly 
black__out, 2670, negative time stat anomoly 
bleupapier, 17095, negative time stat anomoly 
brobringer, 69891, negative time stat anomoly 
coigate., 27170, negative time stat anomoly 
crucifyys, 257950, negative time stat anomoly 
darkhell1381, 16108, negative time stat anomoly 
darth sunkai, 95802, negative time stat anomoly 
dehsoosh, 31888, negative time stat anomoly 
dvmbqsskxrma, 54525, positive time stat anomoly 
egirl sushi, 200240, negative time stat anomoly 
ezioauditorre, 29975, positive time stat anomoly 
fkdup66, 25419, positive time stat anomoly 
ghost_dz, 34219, negative time stat anomoly 
holy hasaku, 321, positive time stat anomoly 
ighoulz6145, 48633, positive time stat anomoly 
imjustshoot, 4394, negative time stat anomoly 
jdok-ger, 171437, negative time stat anomoly 
katonesia, 131541, negative time stat anomoly 
kermiechan, 196922, negative time stat anomoly 
kin-, 259389, negative time stat anomoly 
kingmetroe, 7756, negative time stat anomoly 
light on red, 12327, negative time stat anomoly 
littlecatgirl, 128102, negative time stat anomoly 
markrutte52, 30958, negative time stat anomoly 
markrutte52, 30961, positive time stat anomoly 
mmnnmmmnnm, 79653, positive time stat anomoly 
mrlucayt, 98176, negative time stat anomoly 
mrmiddleeast, 161912, negative time stat anomoly 
obg, 95675, negative time stat anomoly 
ouuthatpressure, 2299, negative time stat anomoly 
ozone vvolt, 205461, negative time stat anomoly 
pftsom, 5983, negative time stat anomoly 
phxxx, 209699, negative time stat anomoly 
pointdownmeta, 180185, negative time stat anomoly 
proacorn, 105192, negative time stat anomoly 
q8.doz, 141484, positive time stat anomoly 
red-lordmaster, 243882, negative time stat anomoly 
rxfiect, 38684, negative time stat anomoly 
sa-_-foulboy, 236528, positive time stat anomoly 
saradaba-, 76, negative time stat anomoly 
senpai.._, 261917, negative time stat anomoly 
showa gojira, 77453, negative time stat anomoly 
sieiyer, 8516, negative time stat anomoly 
skengmeister ii, 21589, negative time stat anomoly 
skigglism, 273368, negative time stat anomoly 
sondremysil, 7878, negative time stat anomoly 
spartanian, 160021, negative time stat anomoly 
squirrel-wizard, 237556, negative time stat anomoly 
stxtues, 194064, negative time stat anomoly 
tekmekx, 208273, negative time stat anomoly 
themarquitos, 126852, negative time stat anomoly 
thewarmommy, 188056, negative time stat anomoly 
txstubbs, 95324, positive time stat anomoly 
tyr9nt, 196025, negative time stat anomoly 
tyrealest12, 40807, positive time stat anomoly 
varangianrider, 158772, negative time stat anomoly 
vargrr0g, 93991, negative time stat anomoly 
vinetz, 225935, negative time stat anomoly 
warxd4wg, 15591, negative time stat anomoly 
weddutchess, 78190, positive time stat anomoly 
wooden.toaster, 111828, negative time stat anomoly 
x_15, 82177, negative time stat anomoly 
xpariahh, 274730, negative time stat anomoly 
xwcxalpha, 184917, positive time stat anomoly 
xx_mark2805_xx, 22441, negative time stat anomoly 
yankmold, 6772, negative time stat anomoly 
yukino._, 131068, negative time stat anomoly 
